# Shopping Application.

* User sign-in signup. The application should have 2 types of roles, ADMIN, and USER.
* Admin functionality -> CRUD of products per category, block unblock the users.
* Users should be able to search for products per product name, price range, rate, etc.
* Users should be able to rate the product(1-5), leave a comment on it.
* Please use PostgreSQL or MySQL as RDBMS. Usage of Spring Data + JPA + Hibernate is preferable.
* UI is optional, only web service + postman collection for all possible requests is enough.
* Please push your work on GitLab, GitHub, or Bitbucket.
* It would be great to deploy the application somewhere and provide the URL.(Optional)
*  Please use Spring Boot's last version for this application


### more

* This project uses JWT to manage security tokens.
* Liquibase is used to manage the database schema, and the project's database is MySQL.
* A series of tables(Product, Category) that have sensitive data will be logged using Hibernate-envers.
* Sample data generated by Liquibase : Two users info, two roles, one product, one category
* Below are the two user information:   
 1- user: admin and password: admin (Roles : ROLE_ADMIN , ROLE_USER)      
 2- user: user and password: user (Role :  ROLE_USER)
* There are two different kinds of roles : ROLE_ADMIN , ROLE_USER
* Swagger is used as the API Documentation and its project address is http://localhost:8080/shopping/swagger-ui/
* Postman collection json files for checking and testing 21 APIs are in the project root. 
